Add a new tutorial for compile time caching (#3277)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/torch_compile_caching_configuration_tutorial.rst

> Compile Time Caching Configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compile Time Caching Configuration
```

=========================================================
**Authors:** `Oguz Ulgen <https://github.com/oulgen>`_ and `Sam Larsen <https://github.com/masnesral>`_

Introduction
------------------

PyTorch Compiler implements several caches to reduce compilation latency.
This recipe demonstrates how you can configure various parts of the caching in ``torch.compile``.

Prerequisites
-------------------

Before starting this recipe, make sure that you have the following:

* Basic understanding of ``torch.compile``. See:

  * `torch.compiler API documentation <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/torch.compiler.html#torch-compiler>`__
  * `Introduction to torch.compile <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/torch_compile_tutorial.html>`__
  * `Compile Time Caching in torch.compile <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/recipes/torch_compile_caching_tutorial.html>`__

* PyTorch 2.4 or later

Inductor Cache Settings
----------------------------

> Most of these caches are in-memory, only used within the same process, and are transparent to the user. An exception is caches that store compiled FX graphs (FXGraphCache, AOTAutogradCache). These caches allow Inductor to avoid recompilation across process boundaries when it encounters the same graph with the same Tensor input shapes (and the same configuration). The default implementation stores compiled artifacts in the system temp directory. An optional feature also supports sharing those artifacts within a cluster by storing them in a Redis database.

Reviewer: Please put all the names of methods/APIs in double backticks: 
```suggestion
Most of these caches are in-memory, only used within the same process, and are transparent to the user. An exception is caches that store compiled FX graphs (``FXGraphCache``, ``AOTAutogradCache``). These caches allow Inductor to avoid recompilation across process boundaries when it encounters the same graph with the same Tensor input shapes (and the same configuration). The default implementation stores compiled artifacts in the system temp directory. An optional feature also supports sharing those artifacts within a cluster by storing them in a Redis database.
```

There are a few settings relevant to caching and to FX graph caching in particular.

> The settings are accessible via environment variables listed below or can be hard-coded in Inductor’s config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The settings are accessible via environment variables listed below or can be hard-coded in the Inductor’s config file.
```

TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_CACHE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This setting enables the local FX graph cache feature, i.e., by storing artifacts in the host’s temp directory. ``1`` enables, and any other value disables it. By default, the disk location is per username, but users can enable sharing across usernames by specifying ``TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR`` (below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting enables the local FX graph cache feature, which stores artifacts in the host's temporary directory. Setting it to ``1`` enables, enables the feature, while any other value disables it. By default, the disk location is per username, but users can enable sharing across usernames by specifying ``TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR`` (below).
```

TORCHINDUCTOR_AUTOGRAD_CACHE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This setting extends FXGraphCache to store cached results at the AOTAutograd level, instead of at the Inductor level. ``1`` enables, and any other value disables it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting extends ``FXGraphCache`` to store cached results at the ``AOTAutograd`` level, rather than at the Inductor level. Setting it to ``1`` enables this feature, while any other value disables it.
```

By default, the disk location is per username, but users can enable sharing across usernames by specifying ``TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR`` (below).

> `TORCHINDUCTOR_AUTOGRAD_CACHE` requires `TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_CACHE` to work. The same cache dir stores cache entries for ``AOTAutogradCache`` (under `{TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR}/aotautograd`) and ``FXGraphCache`` (under `{TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR}/fxgraph`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TORCHINDUCTOR_AUTOGRAD_CACHE`` requires ``TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_CACHE`` to work. The same cache dir stores cache entries for ``AOTAutogradCache`` (under ``{TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR}/aotautograd``) and ``FXGraphCache`` (under ``{TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR}/fxgraph``).
```

TORCHINDUCTOR_CACHE_DIR
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This setting specifies the location of all on-disk caches. By default, the location is in the system temp directory under ``torchinductor_<username>``, for example, ``/tmp/torchinductor_myusername``.

Note that if ``TRITON_CACHE_DIR`` is not set in the environment, Inductor sets the ``Triton`` cache directory to this same temp location, under the Triton sub-directory.

TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_REMOTE_CACHE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This setting enables the remote FX graph cache feature. The current implementation uses ``Redis``. ``1`` enables caching, and any other value disables it. The following environment variables configure the host and port of the Redis server:

``TORCHINDUCTOR_REDIS_HOST`` (defaults to ``localhost``)
``TORCHINDUCTOR_REDIS_PORT`` (defaults to ``6379``)

> Note that if Inductor locates a remote cache entry, it stores the compiled artifact in the local on-disk cache; that local artifact would be served on subsequent runs on the same machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   If Inductor locates a remote cache entry, it stores the compiled artifact in the local on-disk cache. That local artifact would be served on subsequent runs on the same machine.
```

TORCHINDUCTOR_AUTOGRAD_REMOTE_CACHE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Like ``TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_REMOTE_CACHE``, this setting enables the remote ``AOTAutogradCache`` feature. The current implementation uses Redis. ``1`` enables caching, and any other value disables it. The following environment variables configure the host and port of the ``Redis`` server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to  ``TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_REMOTE_CACHE``, this setting enables the remote ``AOTAutogradCache`` feature. The current implementation uses Redis. Setting it to ``1`` enables caching, while any other value disables it. The following environment variables are used to configure the host and port of the Redis server:

```

> ``TORCHINDUCTOR_REDIS_HOST`` (defaults to ``localhost``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``TORCHINDUCTOR_REDIS_HOST`` (defaults to ``localhost``)
```

> ``TORCHINDUCTOR_REDIS_PORT`` (defaults to ``6379``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``TORCHINDUCTOR_REDIS_PORT`` (defaults to ``6379``)
```

> `TORCHINDUCTOR_AUTOGRAD_REMOTE_CACHE`` depends on ``TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_REMOTE_CACHE`` to be enabled to work. The same Redis server can store both AOTAutograd and FXGraph cache results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TORCHINDUCTOR_AUTOGRAD_REMOTE_CACHE`` requires ``TORCHINDUCTOR_FX_GRAPH_REMOTE_CACHE`` to be enabled in order to function. The same Redis server can be used to store both AOTAutograd and FXGraph cache results.
```

TORCHINDUCTOR_AUTOTUNE_REMOTE_CACHE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This setting enables a remote cache for ``TorchInductor``’s autotuner. As with the remote FX graph cache, the current implementation uses Redis. ``1`` enables caching, and any other value disables it. The same host / port environment variables listed above apply to this cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting enables a remote cache for ``TorchInductor``’s autotuner. Similar to the remote FX graph cache, the current implementation uses Redis.  Setting it to ``1`` enables caching, while any other value disables it. The same host and port environment variables mentioned above apply to this cache.
```
